feat: A monthly price series' END date time must be 1st of month, unless it matches the Charge's STOP date rule. (#1725)
Energinet-DataHub/geh-charges: docs/business-processes/asynchronous-validations.md

|VR.920|Tax indicator must be set to false for a subscription|D14|✓|||
|VR.921|Tax indicator must be set to false for a fee|D14|✓|||
|VR.922|The identification of a charge operation consists of maximal 36 characters|E86|✓|✓||

> |VR.923|The monthly price series' END date time must be 1st of month, unless it matches the Charge's STOP date.|E86||✓||

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|VR.923|The monthly price series end date must be 1st of month, unless it matches the charge stop date.|E86||✓||
```
